README.md, before:

# Project Title: teamGeneratorEighthEdition:


## description: 
> build a Node CLI that takes in information about employees and generates an HTML webpage that displays summaries for each person. Since testing is a key piece in making code maintainable, all unit tests passed.
    

## Table of Contents:
- [title](#title)
- [Prerequisites](#Prerequisites)
- [Tests](#Tests)
- [Contributing](#Contributing)
- [Usage](#Usage) 
- [License](#License)

## Prerequisites:
> What things you need to install the software and how to install them: 
> inquirer : npm i inquirer
    
## Usage:
> Anyone in need of building a Node CLI that takes in information about employees and generates an HTML webpage that displays summaries for each person would find this site useful. Since testing is a key piece in making code maintainable, all unit tests passed.
    
## Tests:
> Employee.test, Engineer.test, Intern.test, Manager.test.
    
## Contributing:
> Steven Jones

    
## License
> [License Info](https://opensource.org/licenses/lot )
This project is licensed under: lot 

## Further Contact:
> Feel free to reach out to me with questions involving this project on GITHUB at : [stevensjones](https://github.com/stevensjones);

Commit message:

I updated the readme.md so that it was cleaner and included a screen shot as well as capitalising titles of sections.

README.md, after:

![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/stevensjones/teamGeneratorEighthEdition)
# Project Title: 
> teamGeneratorEighthEdition
## Description: 
> This application is a node CLI that takes in information about employees and generates an HTML webpage that displays summaries for each person. Since testing is a key piece in making code maintainable, all unit tests passed.
> ![Screen Shot 2021-01-02 at 5 58 19 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/56704209/103469692-3ac43d00-4d25-11eb-9a6c-1998d8dfa3a2.png)
## Table Of Contents:
- [Title](#Title)
- [Description](#Description)
- [Table Of Contents](#TableOfContents)
- [Prerequisites](#Prerequisites)
- [Tests](#Tests)
- [Contributing](#Contributing)
- [Usage](#Usage) 
- [License](#License)
- [Further Contact](#FurtherContact)
## Prerequisites: 
> node : npm i node, inquirer : npm i inquirer,
> start script : node app.js
## Tests:
> Employee.test, Engineer.test, Intern.test, Manager.test.
## Contributing:
> Steven Jones
## Usage:
> Anyone in need of an application that takes in information about employees and generates an HTML webpage that displays summaries for each person would find this site useful. Since testing is a key piece in making code maintainable, all unit tests passed.
## License
> © 2020 Steven Jones. All Rights Reserved
## Further Contact:
> Feel free to reach out to me with questions involving this project on GITHUB at : [stevensjones](https://github.com/stevensjones);
